feat: add `#[WithStory]` attribute (#728)
zenstruck/foundry: docs/index.rst

`PHPUnit data providers <https://phpunit.readthedocs.io/en/9.3/writing-tests-for-phpunit.html#data-providers>`_.
Their usage depends on which Foundry version you are running:

> Data Providers with Foundry ^2.2 and PHPUnit ^11.4

Reviewer: Below, you have the extension requires 10+.

I think we should remove the version constraints from these subtitles and use a versionadded + warning for required phpunit versions

Author: I've updated the docs, WDYT?

    ProvinceStory::getRandomRange('be', 1, 4); // between 1 and 4 random Province|Proxy's from "be" pool
    ProvinceStory::getPool('be'); // all Province|Proxy's from "be" pool

#[WithStory] Attribute
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> You can use the ``#[WithStory]`` attribute to load stories in your tests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. versionadded:: 2.3

    The `#[WithStory]` attribute was added in Foundry 2.3.

You can use the ``#[WithStory]`` attribute to load stories in your tests:
```

    $ vendor/bin/psalm-plugin enable zenstruck/foundry

PHPUnit Extension
-----------------

Foundry is shipped with an extension for PHPUnit. You can install it by modifying the file ``phpunit.xml.dist``:

.. configuration-block::

    .. code-block:: xml

        <phpunit>
            <extensions>
                <bootstrap class="Zenstruck\Foundry\PHPUnit\FoundryExtension"/>
            </extensions>
        </phpunit>

This extension provides the following features:
- support for the `#[WithStory] Attribute`_
- ability to use ``Factory::create()`` in `PHPUnit Data Providers`_ (along with PHPUnit ^11.4)

> .. note::
> 
>     The extension was introduced in Foundry 2.2, and is only compatible with PHPUnit ^10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. versionadded:: 2.2

    The PHPUnit extension was introduced in Foundry 2.2.

.. warning::

    The PHPUnit extension is only compatible with PHPUnit 10+.
```
